very good and welcome to a new
bonsai video 0 palmat um
Welcome to a new bonsai video
it will be palm is on the other day yesterday
precisely without going any further yesterday I did
an update video of many
jobs that we have to do from
samurai of I plunged in and it's no longer me
agreement plus many things many things
what did someone tell me you missed
the update of bonsai be or palmat
a job
that 's right there are zero palms you do not
you know that after folia that the
mistreat the two many still
if not
bits of all good because this is the
result of
palmat one of the defoliator that tells you
before we had a sheet one sheet one
leaf a sheet and now we have the output
of a new branch new branch
obviously the benefits are
incalculable where before we had to
make an apex surely of the sap
a sacrifice branch that had happened to them
to invent because I wanted to do the
interesting a sacrificial branch for
hang the tree that right now is like
nothing and then this branch
surely wants to demonstrate the world of
trunk we will let the realization strip
towards the sides pull towards the dates
to the sides and here the
true magic of our design
acepar killed and the kid
you have to txiki rating and link
it's slower
But look
here
look where are you getting an outbreak
goes a little to his ball the truth but is
sprouting
look
the big one
you see
with this wonderful beige red background
all these are new branches not leaves
beige this is an outbreak
and this bud is going to eat has a
branch this outbreak is going to turn into a
branch and so we will organize a lot
our soul the interesting thing about art
for the bully is wired when he is
so young and tender
good trans and young and tender because it is
malleable and allows us to move
if we do not wait for it to be thicker and
which means for example how is
for work is not going to put a little
harder and when I say a little bit I'm
being very generous because it is already like this
is this update of my bonsai
zero calm your world
the little one the little one is here in the
cut that I gave him when our doing
for the bully removes sap we see that goes
putting that black part then if
we believe that there are parts that are put
black bad in this case with right to
the two cuts has been put a little
in black the lip because it removes sap
but fortunately it is sprouting for
down and I will not have to
everything is fine very well and well and it is already
up here a short video of the school
online bonsai bonsai
be
/ see an update later
the remains
and if you liked this video you can
subscribe
and if you liked the video and you can
share it on facebook
instagram where right now I'm going to
Make some pictures in front of you
if I can take the phone out of my pocket
we've been two days super cloudy and do
a heat
we'll upload a photo
let's make a note a leaf that
have and super 1
ah
we like a picture is not prettier
for others as it finances them towards
down so that this anguish
the air compressor
good
the direct things
programs
because he focuses
here
vallecas
let's upload the photo to the instagram look
I will do it during your
this is the photo
he had many beautiful photos
let's share in Instagram
there is a little justice right
ah
well let's leave it like that
as a filter then normal that more
quality well
to you
but so
Sun
and upload to the instagram where there is some
new photo at the same time and daniel singer
Guatemalan book and that's where the
palm leaf is sprouting out by
this is one
usual to see if it exists is something
I usually do when I see photos
beautiful pretty fruits
now I say goodbye not without saying
today
a hug and up